If you're watching this video, then you chose to follow this course using VS code.
So in this lesson we're going to download vs code as well as the Java extension pack.
If you want to download the code for Mac, Windows or Linux, I left you a link in the resources folder.
The resources folder is a small icon that you'll find close to the lecture title, so take a second
to pause the video and we will resume once you're on the download page.
Okay.
So download vs code for whatever operating system you're using.
I'm using a mac, so I'll choose this link.
And the download should not take very long.
VS code is very light.
Few seconds left.
All right, once your download is finished, you can go ahead and unzip the package and open it.
Now we're going to be writing a lot of Java code.
So if you want support for testing, debugging, autocomplete, the first thing we're going to do is
download the Java extension pack.
So go to the extensions tab.
In right java ext pack and download the extension pack for java.
I already have it enabled and installed, so I'll give you a couple of seconds for you to do that and
then we can resume.
Okay.
That's really it.
You downloaded vs code and now we can start using it.